This is my individual project from my university curriculum, semester 3.
It is a web application based on a front and back end. The website sells tickets for 3 different gondolla lifts located on a mountain.
For further information about the website usage, please refer to the Documentation folder

The back-end is located at root/dhtrackproject.
The front-end is located at root/frontend.
To run the project you need JDK 8 or later. Running npm install is required to run the project.
For the back-end framework I've used Spring Boot. It is accessible via http://localhost:8080.
For the front-end framework I've used ReactJS, accessible at http://localhost:3000.
For the database used in the project I am using a local DB. I've worked on XAMPP and recently switched to MariaDB, which is Docker's server for hosting a database. It was required in order to run docker for the back-end.
The back-end has fully functional CRUD functionalities for each entity.
They could be tested through Postman or a similar program.
The front-end uses these CRUD operations in order to create, read, update, delete a: user, rider pass and ticket.
I have created unit tests for each controller, model and service.
The front-end is being tested through Cypress.
The testing, quality assurance metric (sonarQube), and docker has been automated through a CI script. There is one YML file at /root, which refers to the actual script file, located at /dhtrackproject.
The project has fully functional authentication and authorization, using JWT tokens, with role-based access.
The SOLID principles are met on the back-end, using models, controllers, repositories that are accessed through services and their interfaces, which ensures that the logic layer is separated from the data layer through a business layer.

For a non-authenticated user the website only offers access to general information about the website. After logging in as a standard user, the person can apply for a rider pass. The rider pass ensures that a person is able to purchase a ticket from the website. After the rider pass application is created, it goes to the manager tab for review and possible approval. If the manager approves the rider pass, the user is allowed to purchase a ticket that corresponds to their rider pass permission.
The manager has more access to the website with a manager tab, where he can review rider passes, review the users (and update, delete user info), and view specific invoices along with the total revenue generated by the lift tickets.
